Add auto remapping span convention (#15602)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/guide/ignoring_apm_resources.md

| `http.useragent_details.browser.family` | The browser family reported by the User-Agent.    |
| `http.useragent_details.device.family`  | The device family reported by the User-Agent.     |

> <div class="alert alert-warning"><strong>Note</strong>: Starting from October 1st 2022, Datadog backend applies a remapping in order to apply <a href="//tracing/trace_collection/tracing_naming_convention">Span Tags Semantics
> </a> across tracers on all ingested spans. Use tags in the `Remap from` column to drop traces at the Datadog Agent level</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-warning"><strong>Note</strong>: Starting from October 1st 2022, Datadog backend applies a remapping in order to apply <a href="docs.datadoghq.com/tracing/trace_collection/tracing_naming_convention">Span Tags Semantics
</a> across tracers on all ingested spans. If you want to drop spans based on attributes at the Datadog Agent level, use tags in the `Remap from` column.</div>
```

Author: Updated with slight change
